We are going here in Spain and I refer
that has had at a sporting level has not
arrived they always found you
connotations of many movies that is
typical of the American bar here with
aesthetically the tickets to the stripper
but the first one is that I saw it not me
came out there came by another branch for the
circus theme more acrobatic then
by the circus about a few numbers
then you start seeing people say
Spanish that is that is not doing that
in Spain that is more level
international that between napoli outside and
have those references then here
in Spain there was no place that
bet exclusively for power
enter sites for a little bit like the
clandestinity that did not finish of
going out is a job that is not
you are realizing and are getting into
that work at work is slowly going
Gaining strength and having fun is not like
the Turkish asad gym come and get the
machine to make closures or typical
I have is to do back the oar by
behind we have ahead here is
working your back and
independently mouth the hand results
more bearable action apart from that good
well that has its component feel
sexier not to imagine a little bit and
has public imagination of the people of
importance of support
imagine there the typical super woman
sexual and then really the weightlifter the
for that reason in the one of dead cardinals
shoelaces arrive home that would take a lot
that is cool, I am what I want in the
bed I'm made by studio made
powder
but it is very physical it is very physical
tones only all posterior shoulder
dorsal triceps biceps abdomen by
of course everything you do domen back
that is a bestial
then you walk a lot on tiptoe
turns the grabs you make a grip of
curves you are working femoral you are already
working also the twin then it is
a very complete super physical level
full people always think about that
and it always goes the same and come and go
a report by chiqui martín y and it comes out
television always reports has
had because I imagine that that too
that somehow the morbid is the
double moral what sells a lot but
really really really if the
people stop to deepen inside what
which is the pollen would be hallucinated and
hallucinated would be to see that of what
can develop and what is capable of
make a person navarras
it's awesome or it's a sport
Olympic I'm sure in Madrid
it's going to be Olympic sport they did not give me
any doubts
Well, a little bit on television and
internet that there was a video and some
dance caught my attention and decide
so start doing it good especially
muscle tone and strength that I've
caught in a little while then
practically 22 months and little and good
Well, in the gym, the truth is that
gotten so fit
besides physical you can do
very feminine movements and homosexual
you do not feel very well all at
principle that costs a lot any
exercise of power is to sustain with
whole body
and it's very expensive but then it's going to
As a little time as
least managed to make many
movements
which are very difficult to do but
let's go so it's more fun than the
gym because you also come with
compañeras and you laugh and you are not very
complete and very more physically complete
that ginés that is very routine and always
the same you get bored in the end the least
it happens to me